---
title: "In that case"
tags: business
image: cover.jpg
description: And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Ahh. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Stop it.
featured: true
featuredImage: featured4.jpg
---

<p class="lead">Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You're gonna be in the car with her. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?</p>

## This sounds pretty heavy. 

this has gotta be a dream. Why not? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. He's a very strange young man.

Yeah. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yet.

Hey. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Do you mind if we park for a while? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. The storm.

Leave me alone. George: you ever think of running for class president? No, not yet. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Well, they're bigger than me. Right about here. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Hey boy, are you alright? Oh.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Ah, honey, your first novel. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Crazy drunk drivers. I have to tell you about the future.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Good morning.

Yeah. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. What? Really.

Doc, is that a de- It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. What? Doc? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. I hope so. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Yeah.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Are you gonna order something, kid? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Who? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Why not? I'm gonna ram him. I will. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Next, please. Take care. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Perfect, just perfect. Shit.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Marty, such a nice name. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. About how far ahead are you going? You got a permit for that?

Watch it, Goldie. You know what I do in those situations? Okay Doc, this is it. Where were we. Marty, is that you?

What's with the life preserver? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Now Biff, don't con me. Oh, yeah, yeah. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. That ain't no airplane, look. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. God dammit, I'm late.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. We do now.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Well, Biff. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Actually, people call me Marty. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What is she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Well, they're bigger than me. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Hello.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. What Lorraine, what?

Yeah. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Where's Einstein, is he with you? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Jesus. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Do you mind if we park for a while? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I just wanna use the phone. What? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

The flux capacitor. What you got under here? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Perfect, just perfect. Well, they're bigger than me.

Listen, Doc. Wait a minute. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Oh.

The keys are in the trunk. Which one's your pop? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You're George McFly. He's your brother, Mom.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

I, I don't know. Why is she gonna get angry with you? C'mon. What was it, George, bird watching? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. What was it, George, bird watching?

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Actually, people call me Marty. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Biff. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

George, help me, please. Ah, honey, your first novel. Oh. Marty, why are you so nervous? You'll find out.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. What's the meaning of this. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. George. George. Next, please. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Yeah, I think maybe you do. You okay, is everything alright?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hello.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I hope so.

C'mon. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. He's your brother, Mom. Let's go. Leave her alone, you bastard.